DOC-757 | Edge tutorial (#1291)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/03-edge/11-deploy-cluster.md

The cluster deployment wizard will display the following sections. 
<br />

### Basic Information

Use the following values in the first section, **Basic Information**. 

|**Field**|**Value**|
|---|---|
|Cluster name| docs-tutorial-cluster |
|Description| Cluster as part of the Edge tutorial.|
|Tags|`spectro-cloud-education, app:hello-universe, terraform_managed:false`|

Click **Next** to continue.
<br /> 

### Parameters

The **Parameters** section offers you another opportunity to change the profile configurations. For example, clicking on the **BYOS Edge OS 1.0.0** layer allows you to configure the `system.registry`, `system.repo`, and other available attributes. 

Use the default values for all attributes across all layers and click **Next**.
<br />

### Cluster config

Provide the Virtual IP (VIP) address for the host cluster to use during the cluster configuration process. You can optionally select an SSH key to remote into the host cluster and provide a Network Time Protocol (NTP) server list, if available, with you.  

Click **Next** to continue.    
<br />

### Nodes config

> In this section, provide details for the master pool. 

Reviewer: Spend some time here explaining that you are using the Edge hosts to make up the cluster nodes. One acts as the control plane node, and the other two as the worker nodes. This is a critical point of the learning journey.

|**Field** | **Value for the worker-pool**| 
|---| --- | 
|Node pool name| worker-pool | 
|Additional Labels (Optional) | None |
|Taints|Off|
|Pool Configuration > Edge Hosts | Choose one or more registered Edge hosts. |

The screenshot below shows adding two Edge hosts to the worker pool.

![Screenshot of adding Edge hosts to the worker pool.](/tutorials/edge/clusters_edge_deploy-cluster_add-worker-node.png)

Click **Next** to continue.    
<br /> 

### Settings 

This section displays options for OS patching, scheduled scans, scheduled backups, cluster role binding, and location. Use the default values, and click on the **Validate** button.      
<br /> 

### Review

Review all configurations in this section. The **Review** page displays the cluster name, tags, node pools, and layers. If everything seems good, click on the **Finish Configuration** button to finish deploying the cluster. Deployment may take up to *20 minutes* to finish. 

> While deployment is in progress, Palette displays the cluster status as **Provisioning**. While you wait for the cluster to finish deploying, you can explore the various tabs on the cluster details page, such as **Overview**, **Workloads**, and **Events**. 

Reviewer: Let's add a youTube video here. Justin might be close with his video, otherwise, find an Edge video from our official YouTube channel.

<br />

```bash
docker exec -it tutorialContainer bash
``` 

Issue the following command from within the **/terraform/edge-tf** directory.
<br />

```bash
terraform destroy -auto-approve
```

Wait for the resources to clean up. Deleting the Terraform resources may take up to 10 minutes. 
<br />

```bash hideClipboard
# Output condensed for readability
Destroy complete! Resources: 2 destroyed.
```

Exit from the tutorials container to come back to the Linux development environment.
<br />

```bash
exit
```

<br />

</Tabs.TabPane>

</Tabs>

##  Delete Edge Hosts

Switch back to the **CanvOS** directory in the Linux development environment containing the **.goenv** file, and use the following command to delete the Edge hosts. 
<br />

```bash
docker run -it --rm --env-file .goenv \
  ghcr.io/spectrocloud/tutorials:1.0.6 \
  sh -c "cd edge/vmware/clone_vm_template/ && ./delete-edge-host.sh"
```

Also, delete the **palette-edge-installer.iso** file from the **packer_cache/** directory in the VMWare vCenter datastore.

##  Delete Edge Artifacts

> 

Reviewer: We also need to guide the user in cleaning up the VM template and the uploaded ISO from their folder. This adds up, so make sure you have deleted your templates and ISOs as well.

<br />

```bash
rm build/palette-edge-installer.iso
rm build/palette-edge-installer.iso.sha256
```

Issue the following command to list all images in your current development environment.
<br />

```bash
docker images
```

Note the provider image name and tags, and use the following command syntax to remove all provider images.

<br />

```bash
docker image rm -f ttl.sh/ubuntu:k3s-1.25.2-v3.4.3-demo
docker image rm -f ttl.sh/ubuntu:k3s-1.24.6-v3.4.3-demo
```
<br /> 

# Wrap-Up

The core component of preparing Edge hosts and deploying Palette-managed Edge clusters is building and utilizing Edge artifacts. Edge artifacts consist of an Edge installer ISO and provider images for all the Palette-supported Kubernetes versions. An Edge installer ISO assists to prepare the Edge hosts, while the provider image is referred to in the cluster profile. 

In this tutorial, you learned how to build Edge artifacts, prepare VMWare VMs as Edge hosts using Edge installer ISO, create a cluster profile referencing a provider image, and deploy a cluster.

> Palette's Edge solution allows you to prepare your Edge hosts with the desired OS, dependencies, and user data configurations. It supports multiple Kubernetes versions while building the Edge artifacts and creating cluster profiles, enabling you to choose the desired Kubernetes version for your cluster deployment. Before you plan a production-level deployment at scale, you can prepare a small set of Edge devices for development testing and validate the devices' state and installed applications. Once the validation is satisfactory and meets your requirements, you can roll out Edge artifacts and cluster profiles for deployment in production. This approach maintains consistency while deploying Kubernetes clusters at scale across all physical sites, be it 1000 or more sites. In addition to all these benefits, you can conveniently manage the entire lifecycle of Edge clusters with Palette. Please check out the reference resources below to learn more about deploying Edge clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Palette's Edge solution allows you to prepare your Edge hosts with the desired OS, dependencies, and user data configurations. It supports multiple Kubernetes versions while building the Edge artifacts and creating cluster profiles, enabling you to choose the desired Kubernetes version for your cluster deployment. Before you plan a production-level deployment at scale, you can prepare a small set of Edge devices for development testing and validate the devices' state and installed applications. Once the validation is satisfactory and meets your requirements, you can roll out Edge artifacts and cluster profiles for deployment in production. This approach maintains consistency while deploying Kubernetes clusters at scale across all physical sites, be it 1000 or more sites. In addition to all these benefits, you can conveniently manage the entire lifecycle of Edge clusters with Palette.

To learn more about Edge,  check out the resources below.
```

We don't use please 😉

- IT administrators build the Edge artifacts. 

- Site operators prepare Edge devices with the installer ISO and identify the additional user data to install on those devices.

- The development team prepares a cluster profile using the provider image and deploys the clusters.

In this tutorial, similar to the primary stages outlined above, you will first build Edge artifacts (Edge installer ISO image and provider images) and use the installer ISO image to prepare Edge hosts. Next, you will use the provider image to create a cluster profile and then deploy a cluster on those Edge hosts. 

Setting up Virtual Machines (VMs) as Edge hosts and deploying a cluster on those VMs is a less complex path to learning and gaining experience with Edge due to not having to connect to a physical Edge device. Therefore, this tutorial uses VMWare VMs as Edge hosts to test the installer ISO image's correctness and ease of use. The diagram below shows the main steps to prepare Edge hosts and deploy a cluster. 

> ![An overarching diagram showing the tutorial workflow.](/tutorials/edge-native/clusters_edge_deploy-cluster_overarching.png)

Reviewer: This diagram - cloning a template does not feel like the right word. Packer creates the template, and then GOVC is used to deploy an instance using the template as a blueprint.  So to me, step 5 is deploying VMs.
![CleanShot 2023-06-16 at 14 00 09](https://github.com/spectrocloud/librarium/assets/29551334/827b2e70-4840-4f3c-9da7-7a98fcb15a26)

vm_cpu_cores            = 1
vm_mem_size             = 8192
vm_disk_size            = 51200
thin_provision          = true
disk_eagerly_scrub      = false
vm_disk_controller_type = ["pvscsi"]
vm_network_card         = "vmxnet3"
vm_boot_wait            = "5s"
# ISO Objects
iso                 = "build/palette-edge-installer.iso"
iso_checksum        = "build/palette-edge-installer.iso.sha256"
```

<InfoBox>

The **vsphere.hcl** file customization is out of the scope of this tutorial. To change these configurations, you must clone the [tutorials](https://github.com/spectrocloud/tutorials.git) repository and edit the **edge-native/vmware/packer/vsphere.hcl** file, rebuild the image using these [local build steps](https://github.com/spectrocloud/tutorials/blob/main/docs/docker.md#local-builds) and use that image in the previous `docker run` command.  

</InfoBox>
<br />

## Provision VMs
Once the VM template is ready, you can clone it to provision VMs. Note that these VMs will act as Edge hosts during cluster deployment. The next steps will use the [GOVC](https://github.com/vmware/govmomi/tree/main/govc#govc) tool to clone the VM template and provision VMs. 

> GOVC will also require the same VMWare vCenter details as environment variables, as you defined earlier in the **.packerenv** file. Use the following command to source the **.packerenv** file and echo one of the variables to ensure the variables are accessible on your host machine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GOVC requires the same VMWare vCenter details as the environment variables you defined earlier in the **.packerenv** file. Use the following command to source the **.packerenv** file and echo one of the variables to ensure the variables are accessible on your host machine. 
```

<br />

```bash
source .packerenv
echo $PKR_VAR_vcenter_server
```

> Use the following heredoc script to create a file, **.goenv**, containing the VMWare vCenter details as environment variables. The script will reuse the values sourced from the **.packerenv** file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to create an environment file titled **.goenv**. The  **.goenv** file contains the required VMWare vCenter credentials and information required to deploy VMs in your VMware environment. 
```

Simplified the langauage.

<br />

```bash
cat << EOF > .goenv
vcenter_server=$PKR_VAR_vcenter_server
vcenter_username=$PKR_VAR_vcenter_username
vcenter_password=$PKR_VAR_vcenter_password
vcenter_datacenter=$PKR_VAR_vcenter_datacenter
vcenter_datastore=$PKR_VAR_vcenter_datastore
vcenter_resource_pool=$PKR_VAR_vcenter_resource_pool
vcenter_folder=$PKR_VAR_vcenter_folder
vcenter_cluster=$PKR_VAR_vcenter_cluster
vcenter_network=$PKR_VAR_vcenter_network
EOF
```

> Issue the following command to clone the VM template and provision three VMs in the VMWare vCenter. The `--env-file` option in the command below will read the environment file. Then it changes to the **edge-native/vmware/clone_vm_template/** directory in the container and executes the **deploy-edge-host.sh** script to provision three VMs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue the following command to deploy three VMs in the VMWare vCenter. 
```
Let's keep it simple. The user wants to create the instances.

<br />

```bash

> docker run -it --rm --env-file .goenv ghcr.io/spectrocloud/tutorials:1.0.6 sh --cpu-shares  "cd edge-native/vmware/clone_vm_template/ && ./deploy-edge-host.sh"

Reviewer: Same feedback as earlier, break up the command to two or three lines. Same feedback about `--cpu-shares`

```

The cloning process can take up to 3-4 minutes to finish, and display the following output.
<br />

```bash coloredLines=6-6 hideClipboard
# Sample output
Cloned VM demo-1
Powering on VM demo-1
Powering on VirtualMachine:vm-9919... OK
Getting UUID demo-1
Edge Host ID   VM demo-1 : edge-97f2384233b498f6aa8dec90c3437c28
```

The output on the terminal will display the Edge host ID for all VMs. VMs will use this host ID to auto-register themselves with Palette. 
<br />

<InfoBox>

Copy the Edge host ID for future reference and manual registration if the auto registration fails, for any reason, later in this tutorial. 

</InfoBox>

Note that the **edge-native/vmware/clone_vm_template/** directory in the container has the following files:
- **deploy-edge-host.sh** - Provisions the VMs.
- **delete-edge-host.sh** - Deletes the VMs.
- **setenv.sh** - Defines the GOVC environment variables, the number of VMs, a prefix string for the VM name, and the VM template name. Most of the GOVC environment variables point to the default environment variables you have defined in the **.goenv** file. 

> Here is the **setenv.sh** file content for your reference; however, you do not have to modify these configuration in this tutorial. 

Reviewer: Same as earlier, if you're gonna mention this then do it before the command that uses this file.

<br />

```bash hideClipboard
#!/bin/bash
# Number of VMs to provision
export NO_OF_VMS=3
export VM_PREFIX="demo"
export INSTALLER_TEMPLATE="palette-edge-template"

#### DO NOT MODIFY BELOW HERE ####################
# GOVC Properties
export GOVC_URL="https://${vcenter_server}"     # Use HTTPS. For example, https://vcenter.company.com
export GOVC_USERNAME="${vcenter_username}"
export GOVC_PASSWORD="${vcenter_password}"
export GOVC_INSECURE=1 #1 if insecure
export GOVC_DATACENTER="${vcenter_datacenter}"
export GOVC_DATASTORE="${vcenter_datastore}"
export GOVC_NETWORK="${vcenter_network}"
export GOVC_RESOURCE_POOL="${vcenter_resource_pool}"
export GOVC_FOLDER="${vcenter_folder}"
```

> The **setenv.sh** file customization is out of the scope of this tutorial. To change the number of VMs to provision, you must clone the [tutorials](https://github.com/spectrocloud/tutorials.git) repository and edit the **edge-native/vmware/clone_vm_template/setenv.sh** file, rebuild the image using these [local build steps](https://github.com/spectrocloud/tutorials/blob/main/docs/docker.md#local-builds) and use that image in the previous `docker run` command. 

Reviewer: Same feedback as earlier. What is out of scope?

<br />

# Deploy a Cluster

> After building the Edge artifacts and provisioning VMs as Edge hosts, the next step is to verify the host registration, create a cluster profile, and deploy a cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After building the Edge artifacts and provisioning VMs as Edge hosts, the next step is to verify the Edge host registration status, create a cluster profile, and deploy a cluster that is made up of the Edge hosts. 
```

<br />

## Verify Host Registration

> Ideally, VMs should automatically register with Palette if you correctly embed the registration token in the ISO image. Log back into Palette to verify, and navigate to the left **Main Menu** > **Clusters** > **Edge Hosts** tab. You should see the VMs registered with Palette automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open a web browser and log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com). Navigate to the left **Main Menu** and select **Clusters**. Click on the **Edge Hosts** tab and verify the three VMs created are registered with Palette.
```
1. Let's be optimistic and confident in our product. 
2. This is the first time the user is doing something in Palette, so we need to tell them to log in.
3. Don't take shortcuts. Help the user find the right place in the UI by guiding with sentences.

![A screenshot showing the VMs registered with Palette automatically. ](/tutorials/edge-native/clusters_edge_deploy-cluster_edge-hosts.png)

> If you do not see your Edge hosts registered with Palette automatically, you can register the hosts using the Edge host ID manually. Click on the **Add Edge Hosts** button, and paste the Edge host ID returned after provisioning the VMs in one of the previous steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the three Edge hosts are not displayed in the list then the automatic registration failed. You can register the Edge hosts manually by using each Edge host's ID. Click on the **Add Edge Hosts** button, and paste the Edge host ID returned after provisioning the VMs in one of the previous steps. The Edge host IDs can be found in the GOVC output that was generated when you deployed the VMs.
```

Might wa

<br />

## Create a Cluster Profile

> Switch to the **Default** project scope for creating a cluster profile.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validate you are in the **Default** project scope before creating a cluster profile.  
```

<br />

![A screenshot of Palette's Default scope.](/tutorials/deploy-pack/registries-and-packs_deploy-pack_default-scope.png)

<br />

> Select the **Profile** section in the left **Main Menu** to create a cluster profile comprising the core infrastructure layers and a manifest of a sample Kubernetes application, [Hello Universe](https://github.com/spectrocloud/hello-universe#hello-universe). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Let's remove this and combine with the next line. Also, the order is incorrect, mention the left main menu, then the profiles section.

> Click on the **Add Cluster Profile** button, and provide the details in the wizard that follows. The wizard displays the following sections. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a cluster profile comprising the core infrastructure layers and a manifest of a sample application, [Hello Universe](https://github.com/spectrocloud/hello-universe#hello-universe). 
Navigate to the left **Main Menu** and select **Profile**. Click on the **Add Cluster Profile** button, and fill out the required input fields. The cluster profile wizard contains the following sections. 
```

I changed this paragraph by providing the context of what is about, followed by the steps.

  system.registry: ttl.sh
  system.repo: ubuntu
  system.k8sDistribution: k3s
  system.osName: ubuntu
  system.peVersion: v3.4.3
  system.customTag: demo
  system.osVersion: 22
``` 
<br />

 
The screenshot below shows you how to reference your provider OS image in a cluster profile by using the utility build output with the BYOOS pack. 
<br />

![A screenshot of k3s OS layer in a cluster profile.](/tutorials/edge-native/clusters_edge_deploy-cluster_edit-profile.png)

<WarningBox>

As a second reminder, *ttl.sh* is a short-lived image registry. If you do not use the provider image in your cluster profile within 24 hours of pushing to *ttl.sh*, they will no longer exist and must be re-pushed.

</WarningBox>
<br />

Click on the **Next layer** button to add the following Kubernetes layer to your cluster profile. 

|**Pack Type**|**Registry**|**Pack Name**|**Pack Version**| 
|---|---|---|---|
|Kubernetes|Public Repo|Palette Optimized K3s|`1.25.x`|

> Choose the K3s version 1.25.x because you pushed the provider image compatible with K3s v1.25.2 to the *ttl.sh* image registry earlier in this tutorial. BYOOS pack's `system.uri` attribute will reference the Kubernetes version you select using the `{{ .spectro.system.kubernetes.version }}` [macro](/clusters/cluster-management/macros).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the K3s version 1.25.x. 1.25.X is used because you pushed a provider image compatible with K3s v1.25.2 to the *ttl.sh* image registry earlier in this tutorial. BYOOS pack's `system.uri` attribute will reference the Kubernetes version you select using the `{{ .spectro.system.kubernetes.version }}` [macro](/clusters/cluster-management/macros).
```

> Click on the **Next layer** button, and add the following network layer. This example uses Calico Container Network Interface (CNI). However, you can choose a different CNI pack that fits your needs, such as Flannel, Cilium, or Custom CNI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the **Next layer** button, and add the following network layer. This example uses the Calico Container Network Interface (CNI). However, you can choose a different CNI pack that fits your needs, such as Flannel, Cilium, or Custom CNI. 
```

|**Pack Type**|**Registry**|**Pack Name**|**Pack Version**| 
|---|---|---|---|
|Network|Public Repo|Calico|`3.25.x`|

Finally, click on the **Confirm** button to complete the core infrastructure stack. Palette displays the newly created infrastructure profile as a layered diagram. 

> Next, click on the **Add Manifest** button on the top to add the *Hello Universe* application manifest.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, click on the **Add Manifest** button on the top to add the Hello Universe application manifest.  
```

![A screenshot of the add Manifest button.](/tutorials/edge-native/clusters_edge_deploy-cluster_add-manifest.png)

Use the following values to add the Hello Universe manifest metadata.  

|**Field** |**Value**|
|---|---|
|Layer name| hello-universe|
|Layer values (Optional)|Leave default|
|Install order (Optional)|Leave default|
|Manifests|Add new manifest, and name it `hello-universe`|

> Entering `hello-universe` file name in the **Manifest** field will open a blank file in Palette's text editor. Copy the following manifest and paste it in Palette's text editor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you provide the value `hello-universe` in the **Manifest** field, a blank text editor will open o the righthand side of the screen. Copy the following manifest and paste it into the text editor. 
```

<br />

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: hello-universe-service
spec:
  type: NodePort
  selector:
    app: hello-universe
  ports:
  - protocol: TCP
    port: 8080
    targetPort: 8080
---
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: hello-universe-deployment
spec:
  replicas: 2
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: hello-universe
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: hello-universe
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: hello-universe  

>         image: ghcr.io/spectrocloud/hello-universe:1.0.12     # Static image 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        image: ghcr.io/spectrocloud/hello-universe:1.0.12 
```
All images are static so it's kind redundant to say so 😅

        imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
        ports:
        - containerPort: 8080
```

The screenshot below shows the manifest pasted into the text editor. Click on the **Confirm & Create** button to finish adding the manifest. 

  ![A screenshot of Hello Universe application manifest.](/tutorials/edge-native/clusters_edge_deploy-cluster_add-manifest-file.png)

The manifest above defines two Kubernetes objects:
<br />

1. **Deployment**: 
It pulls a public image, **ghcr.io/spectrocloud/hello-universe:1.0.12**, and creates a ReplicaSet to bring up two pods for the `hello-universe` application.

2. **Service**: It uses NodePort to expose the `hello-universe` application on each Node at a random port between 30000-32767. 
<br />

> 

Reviewer: Let's skip this, we don't need to explain the app. That's not one of the objectives for this tutorial.

If there are no errors or compatibility issues, Palette displays the newly created full cluster profile. Verify the layers you added, and click on the **Next** button. 
<br />

> ### Review

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
If a section only has a single line let's just do without it.

Review all layers and click **Finish Configuration** to create the cluster profile. 
<br />

## Create a Cluster

> Click on the newly created cluster profile to view its details page. Palette displays all the layers again and allows you to edit any of them. Click on the **Deploy** button and refer to the [Create an Edge Native Host Cluster](/clusters/edge/site-deployment/site-installation/cluster-deployment) guide to deploy a new Edge cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the newly created cluster profile to view its details page.  Click the **Deploy** button to deploy a new Edge cluster. 
```

The refer statement will cause someone to leave the guide.  Best to remove it. If you want to mention it, use an infobox. But ask yourself first, is it needed? And does it make sense to introduce that here?

Use the default values for all attributes across all layers and click **Next**.
<br />

### Cluster config
Provide the Virtual IP (VIP) address for the host cluster to use during the cluster configuration process. You can optionally select an SSH key to remote into the host cluster and provide a Network Time Protocol (NTP) server list, if available, with you.  

Click **Next** to continue.    
<br />

### Nodes config
In this section, provide details for the master pool. 

|**Field** | **Value for the master-pool**| 
|---| --- | 
|Node pool name| master-pool | 
|Allow worker capability| Checked | 
|Additional Labels (Optional) | None |
|[Taints](/clusters/cluster-management/taints/)|Off|
|Pool Configuration > Edge Hosts | Choose one of the registered Edge hosts.<br />Palette will automatically display the Nic Name for the selected host. |

The screenshot below shows adding an Edge host to the master pool.

![Screenshot of adding an Edge host to the master pool.](/tutorials/edge-native/clusters_edge_deploy-cluster_add-master-node.png)

> Similarly, provide details for the worker pool, and add the remaining two Edge hosts to the worker pool. If you do not have Edge hosts remaining, remove the worker pool. Your master pool has the worker capability already. 

Reviewer: Let's add a screenshot here too. This is perhaps one of the most important part of the flow so it warrants an image.

<br /> 

# Validate
Navigate to the left **Main Menu** and select **Clusters**. Choose your cluster to display the cluster **Overview** page and monitor cluster provisioning progress.  

When cluster status displays **Running** and **Healthy**, you can access the application from the exposed service URL with the port number displayed. One random port between 30000-32767 is exposed for the Hello Universe application. Click on the port number to access the application.

The screenshot below highlights the NodePort to access the application.

![Screenshot of highlighted NodePort to access the application.](/tutorials/edge-native/clusters_edge_deploy-cluster_access-service.png)

Clicking on the exposed NodePort will take you to the Hello Universe application. 
<br />

<WarningBox>

We recommend waiting to click on the service URL, as it takes one to three minutes for DNS to properly resolve the public NodePort URL. This prevents the browser from caching an unresolved DNS request.

</WarningBox>

> ![Screenshot of successfully accessing the Hello Universe application.](/tutorials/edge-native/clusters_edge_deploy-cluster_hello-universe.png "#width=70%")

Reviewer: Why is this screen shot so narrow compared to everything else?

![Screenshot of deleting a cluster profile.](/tutorials/edge-native/clusters_edge_deploy-cluster_delete-profile.png)

Please wait until Palette deletes the resources successfully. 

##  Delete Edge Hosts
Switch back to the **CanvOS** directory in the Linux machine containing the **.goenv** file, and use the following command to delete the Edge hosts. 
<br />

```bash
docker run -it --rm --env-file .goenv tutorials sh -c "cd edge-native/vmware/clone_vm_template/ && ./delete-edge-host.sh"
```

##  Delete Edge Artifacts
If you further want to delete Edge artifacts from your Linux machine, delete the Edge installer ISO image and its checksum by executing the following commands from the **CanvOS/** directory.
<br />

```bash
rm build/palette-edge-installer.iso
rm build/palette-edge-installer.iso.sha256
```

Issue the following command to list all images in your current development environment.
<br />

```bash
docker images
```

Note the provider image name and tags, and use the following command syntax to remove all provider images. Similarly, repeat this command for deleting the Earthly image. 

<br />

```bash
docker image rm -f [image repository name]:[tag]

> ```

Reviewer: Show the the commands to clean the images used in this tutorial. You did it for the docker push command, so let's also do it here.

<br /> 

# Wrap-Up
This tutorial taught you how to deploy an Edge cluster on VMs acting as Edge hosts. First, you built Edge artifacts (Edge installer ISO image and provider images) using the CanvOS utility and used the installer ISO image to create a VM template. Next, you cloned the VM template to provision multiple VMs. Cloning the VM template ensured that the required dependencies and user data configurations were installed correctly on the VMs. These VMs registered themselves with Palette automatically because you initially embedded a tenant registration token in the installer ISO. 

After preparing the Edge hosts, you used the provider image to create a cluster profile. Although the CanvOS utility built the provider images for all the Palette-supported Kubernetes versions, you chose the specific provider image compatible with K3s v1.25.2 as an example. In your cluster profile, you learned how to refer to the provider image you built and pushed to an image registry. You also ensured to choose a Kubernetes version that matches the one defined in the BYOS Edge OS pack's manifest in the OS layer. Lastly, you deployed a K3s cluster on the Edge hosts. 

> Building Edge artifacts (installer ISO and provider images) is the core element of preparing Edge hosts. An installer ISO comprising the desired content, dependencies, and configurations is vital for Edge hosts. The provider image is crucial for the BYOS Edge OS pack in the cluster profile and successfully deploying an Edge cluster. This tutorial used the default arguments and settings to build the artifacts. However, Palette provides many customization options to build desirable Edge artifacts. 

Reviewer: A conclusion should provide a high-level overview  of the key topics a user learned ✅  
The conclusion should also highlight the value Palette provides. Why go through all this? Look to your intro. Remember the scenario you painted of a user deploying Edge hosts to 1000 stores? How can you tie that story into the conclusion to remind the user of Palette's benefits?

I'm going to challenge you to do this in two paragraphs. Be concise and to the point - that's the true writing challenge.
